So what is air being be for those of you who are not familiar.
I'm going to give you a really quick three minute crash course on how it works what it is.
I'm sure you've heard of it at least especially if you're taking this course.
Maybe you're familiar with someone who has hosted most likely or familiar someone who stayed on air
B and B but it's a service that allows ordinary people like yourself to rent out their homes spare rooms
even their couches to other people who traditionally use hotels.
It works very much like a hotel.
People pay per night to stay in your space.
Now Airbnb handles the entire process for the people who want to host.
All you have to do is sign up on their website and list your space air B and B collects all the payments
they hold all the security deposits they advertise your listing for you.
You don't need to do any promotion outside of their platform.
They will bring you a steady stream of leads for people who want to stay in your apartment.
They handle all of the messaging and communication they have conflict resolution teams that are available
24/7 and they also offer an umbrella policy that covers up to a million dollars in damage or any type
of instant Dental in your space.
Now on top of that urban bee has a review system where guests and hosts review each other and that's
how you can tell whether or not the host the person listening space does a good job.
And that's also you can tell whether or not the guest is someone that is a good candidate to stay in
your space.
Airbnb the company that started in 2007 and it's been about seven years since they started.
Over the course of that period of time they've grown exponentially in popularity.
So it's 2014 and the last attested I had heard was that in 2012 they had already booked 10 million nights
on their website.
Now I think they advertise that they have 800000 listings That's 33000 cities that's in 192 countries.
And 2014 they said that an Airbnb gets booked literally every second.
Airbnb also got a lot of press because they were well known for running out really quirky and cool spaces.
You probably seen this.
They have over 3000 listings that fit into the category of Cassell's TBS Eagle news treehouses avise
and private islands.
How can the NBA change your life.
Well the statistics are very well established.
If you live in San Francisco for example the average renter.
And this is across the entire board of people who rent couches spare rooms and apartments.
They make $700 a month on average.
Now that average includes people who've posted their listing and never hosted a single person which
is a large portion of people.
So the people that actively work on Airbnb and rent out their space they probably make on average probably
around double that.
And then people who put a lot of effort into their platform end up making a lot of money.
Like I said in the promotion video I made last year about $60000 and that was off of casual renting
that was off of Sirius renting had I rented it out every single day or did it more like a hotel service.
Easily could have made anywhere between a hundred and $200000 a year for an example in New York City.
There's actually a big group of people that are making over half a million dollars a year in renting
out their spaces.
Now that's not the exact idea behind the space that people are going to rent out multiple properties.
However a lot of people have used their platform to make a very thriving business.
Can anyone rent their space on air and be absolutely anyone can rent their space.
If you have a couch if you even have a studio apartment and you have space next to it you can rent your
space out an A or B and B give a private room if you travel to go visit your family or you know go on
a business trip you can rent out your space Herbie and B has changed the way that millions of people
view their homes now all of a sudden you don't have to waste space and you don't have to waste their
apartment or your home when you're on vacation.
You can turn that into serious money.
I ran out my apartment when I leave for vacation for $400 a night.
It's a three bedroom apartment.
People that have a one bedroom apartment they can rent out their space easily for $200 a night.
So if you want to learn about Airbnb and you want a comprehensive course on how you can really get the
most out of this platform and how you can get to the top 10 percent of earners on B and B take this
course follow my advice participate as much as you can in the group discussion.
I want everyone to kind of pile in together we can make this the best experience possible.